yo give water you tubers me Papaji foam
what's ur body today are getting excited
I'm boxing and also giveaway so we'll be
giving away a pair on the new beat solar
each these two one lucky subscriber a so
stay tuned at the end of this video well
that you guys know how to enter how to
participate in this giveaway so here we
go with the quick unboxing on the brand
new beat solar easties now these are the
matte finish on the to come in multiple
colors you can pick it up in red or
white black blue light blue in some
other colors as well but I did go with
the red one since they look amazing and
I do love the color red a lot so here we
go with the quick on bars as you can see
in the front we drive this red box looks
really cool over in the side beats all
HD here in the front we do have a good
picture of the actual product looks nice
as you can see so these are the second
generation of the beats solos the first
generation was then like in a glossy
finish and over here in the sign it does
table comes inside the bond so you do
have the control talk there you go for
Android and Apple devices and um here we
go so it sticks out it's ripped it apart
oh yeah I'm excited and haven't seen the
matte finish so I'm pretty excited
there we go so to put this to the side
just lift this up and here we go alright
so we do have another box which is all
inbred you can see we do have the beats
logo in the middle the side the bottom
and the back nothing so let's open this
bad boy up for the first time alright so
we do have this carrying case which is
basically the same color of the
headphones and it looks ugly
wow this case looks so ugly look at that
man what the hell is this kind of like a
like violet with reddish man this case
is the worst case I ever seen on beats
Wow look at that
hey you know so this current case is a
worst carrying case I ever seen to tell
you the truth but whatever you do get it
in
and I'm once you open this bad boy up
you do have the headphones now the
headphones look much better in the
carrying case this current case I'm
actually gonna throw it to the trash bad
just terrible all right so here we do
have to slowly reach these as you can
see with the matte finish wish to look
really really cool look at that Salvage
T on top beats by dr. dre eyes and the
other side alright there you go the
inside same color red which is nice so
everything is in red so there you go
that's inside there cuff awesome really
really cool so let's put this to the
side for now cuz we still have more
things inside the box over here in the
left side we do have some booklets I
believe alright so we do have the
control talk keyboard which is in red as
well alright so there you gone and we do
have some manuals inside here use your
guide and also some stickers I believe
we do have a sticker for beats by dre
but here we do have the catalog that
shows you every single product from
beats by dre so nice now we have is a
sticker beats sticker there you go
some warranty information more
information and the user guide and
that's the body so alright so there you
have it just a quick unboxing on the
branding just released beats solo HD
matte finish please make sure to LIKE
this video fret this way they look
because it tells something a bunch and
stay tuned for more videos coming up
soon and now let's get into the giveaway
rules are so there is five simple rules
you gotta do in order to enter on the
giveaway first of all you gotta be
subscriber second where you got a light
this video third where you got afraid
this video for three all you gotta do
just leave a comment down below telling
me why you want to win the new beats all
which these and fifth and final rule all
you have to do just follow me on Twitter
turtlecom / poppy g-funk and there you
have it so those five simple rules in
order for you to enter on this giveaway
and I'll probably be doing some extra
entries as well so check the description
box down below but I'm gonna do all
those five simple rules and you're
basically enter to win this amazing pair
of headphones so there you have it that
is the giveaway so make sure do all
those five simple rules and I'll see you
guys in my next video peace alright so
before I let you guys go I want you to
see how the headphones look once you put
them on and to tell you the truth I
actually do like these headphones Allah
I think they look much better than the
glossy finish like the first generation
beats solo HDS
and as you can see the side view they
look awesome so let's put them on and
I'm gonna be listening to some music and
basically I'm gonna tell you was what I
think about the headphones so here we go
boom some Wiz Khalifa baby
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll get the sound I'm easy
so they have it just a quick video
please make sure to LIKE this video Fred
this without locals until some of your
bunch and stay tuned for more videos
coming up soon and make sure to enter on
the giveaway and I'll see us my next
video thanks for watching peace beats by
dre choo-choo